If it was very dry, we would have win the battle as homing unit,
like it was Weis gap.
A robot soldiers didn't pay
no attention.
They were shooting like a truck.
The others were shooting from the leaves,
trying to hold the prey.
It was very difficult to shoot from the left side.
When they looked at the side,
they saw a huge rock with three lines.
They were shaking, and then they fell.
What is this shaking?
It's a sound of a rock breaking.
The rock with three lines broke.
It was two and a half meters thick.
This is the same rock.
They were holding it in fear.
Wait a minute.
The rock with three lines broke.
It was two and a half meters thick.
This rock was shaped like a rock.
You're lying.
Wait a minute.
This rock is a new rock.
This is a new rock.
They were running away from the 36th.
What happened?
They got sauce on my ride.
It kept coming and going.
Uh oh.
Then they got caught in the wind.
Then, they tried to case the car over the road
and then got caught on
the hosts.
Uh oh.
I'm listening to you.
You're talking about the mountains.
As you climb the mountains, you'll see them.
What?
The mountains are in the middle of the mountain?
You're looking at the lion.
Wait a minute.
The lion is in Japan.
He's in the middle of the mountain.
You're lying.
Can't hear you.
If he was alive?
He could fly by relief weapon.
Relief weapon?
Does he have a weapon?
Yes, but he can fly with a kicker.
He could break the bones if he sipped on water.
He could very well have亡a fire.
weights?
There was pretty much a lot that dawn came but sadly it didn't.
There's the Ot gaimahs.
When you have to work with important
the
problem
Translated by Releska